In this video, we're going to try to write out a test just to make sure that a user cannot sign up
with the same email twice in a row.
So I'm going to go back over to my sign up test file.
I'm down at the very bottom.
I'm going to write out a new IT block and I'll give it a description like it disallows duplicate emails.
Then inside of here we'll attempt to sign up the same email and password combination twice in a row.
The first request we will expect to give us back a response of 201.
Which indicates that the signup was successful, as we did back up here.
Well, then duplicate that request once again.
And on the second request, we'll just expect to get back a 400.
Because remember, if an email is already in use, we throw a bad request error, which is going to
send a 200 or 400 code back to the user.
So inside that new block will do and await.
Request on app will make a post request to API users sign up.
We will send along an email of test at test and a password of password.
And then finally we'll put on an expectation.
So in this case, again, for the first request, signup should be successful.
So we should get back a 201.
Now we can duplicate that.
So copy.
Paste it down.
And then on the second one, all we're going to expect different is a response of 400 or a status code
of 400.
So I'll put in 400 instead.
Let's save that.
Check the terminal.
Here's my test window.
Here it is.
Looks good.
All right.
There are a couple of more tests I'd like to put together very quickly.
So quick pause, one or two more tests in the next video.